Doctor, how is my grandfather?
The patient has been suffering from this problem for more than 20 years
Suture surgery is now necessary
But the patient's too old.
There is a great risk of cerebral infarction
Our level is limited
You'd better send the patient quickly
Go abroad for treatment
If I hadn't been in love with my grandfather
Grandpa's illness will not suddenly recur
Okay, okay.
Remember not to blame
It has nothing to do with you.
I have contacted the private jet
Immediately send grandpa abroad for treatment
Grandpa is so happy to find you
How can there be business?
Right every year?
When I was little
You just follow your brother's butt and call your brother.
Why don't you call me brother when you grow up?
Sorry.
It's okay, I know you can't get used to it yet.
In the future, brother will see more about you, okay?
Otherwise, I'm afraid you'll forget me
Okay, the plane is coming
We have to hurry up and transfer grandpa
Come on.
Grandpa
every year
I know you have a lot of responsibilities on you right now
Let my brother accompany my grandfather, okay?
My sister is a strong woman
You can handle things well without a brother.
Right?
This is the staff of the head of the Qiao family.
You can control all the forces of the Qiao family in the country
Let him replace grandpa and brother
That's what it's like to have family.
Brother, I'll be here waiting for you to come back.
Who are you calling brother?